{
    "title": "Defenders: Guarding the Fortress",
    "subtitle": "Analysis of different defensive positions and their tactical roles in protecting the goal",
    "infoTexts": [
        {
            "text": "Defenders are the overlooked guardians of the pitch, working tirelessly to keep the opposing team from scoring. The basic roles include center-backs, who anchor the defense and deal with aerial threats and strong forwards, and full-backs, who cover the flanks and often overlap to support attacks. There are also wing-backs who combine defensive and offensive duties, providing width and additional pressure on the wings. Then you have the versatile defensive midfielders, or holding midfielders, who shield the backline and break up opposition attacks. Defenders need to be both physically strong and mentally sharp, anticipating the opponent’s moves and making crucial tackles. Essentially, they form a protective wall, ensuring that the goal remains guarded and their team stays in the game.",
            "lang": "AMERICAN"
        },
        {
            "text": "Defenders play a critical role in safeguarding the goal, acting as the last line of defence against attacking forces. The key positions include centre-backs, who are central to the defence and handle the bulk of aerial duels and physical challenges, and full-backs, who patrol the flanks and often join in on attacking forays. Wing-backs serve a dual purpose, adding extra width and depth to both the defensive and offensive play. Defensive midfielders, or holding midfielders, sit just in front of the backline, breaking up opposition attacks and providing an additional shield. Defenders must be both physically robust and tactically astute, reading the game and making vital tackles and interceptions. In short, they are the team’s fortress, working diligently to keep the opposition at bay and preserve their side’s chances in the match.",
            "lang": "BRITISH"
        }
    ],
    "infoCategory": "POSITIONS"
}