{
    "title": "Why Does Football Matter?",
    "subtitle": "Exploring the cultural significance and societal influence of football worldwide",
    "infoTexts": [
        {
            "text": "Soccer isn’t just a game — it’s a cultural phenomenon that impacts society in ways that go beyond the field. In many countries, soccer is like a universal language, bridging divides and bringing people together, whether they’re cheering for the same team or rival sides. In the U.S., soccer has become a growing force, especially with younger generations, sparking a sense of community and belonging in neighborhoods and schools. It’s a sport that teaches valuable life lessons, like teamwork, resilience, and the joy of pursuing a common goal. On a global scale, soccer is a powerful tool for social change, inspiring movements and creating opportunities where there were none. Whether it’s the excitement of the World Cup or a local league match, soccer matters because it connects us, shapes our identities, and gives us something to believe in.",
            "lang": "AMERICAN"
        },
        {
            "text": "Football, quite simply, is more than just a game; it’s woven into the very fabric of society and culture. Across the globe, football serves as a common thread that unites communities, regardless of class, creed, or background. In Britain, it’s a ritual, a tradition passed down through generations, where matchday isn’t just about 90 minutes on the pitch but a celebration of identity and local pride. The sport transcends boundaries, creating lifelong friendships and fierce rivalries, often shaping the rhythm of life in towns and cities. Beyond the joy of the game, football also plays a significant role in social change, with clubs and players often leading the charge on issues like equality and community outreach. From the terraces to the global stage, football’s impact on society is undeniable—it’s the heartbeat of culture, resonating far beyond the final whistle.",
            "lang": "BRITISH"
        }
    ],
    "infoCategory": "INTRO"
}