{
    "title": "Fixture Lists: Understanding the Football Season",
    "subtitle": "Overview of how football seasons are structured, including league schedules and international breaks",
    "infoTexts": [
        {
            "text": "In soccer, fixture lists are like a game plan for the entire season, outlining how the matches are scheduled and what to expect throughout the year. The season is typically divided into league fixtures, where teams play against each other home and away, with the aim of accumulating points to climb the league table. In addition to league games, teams often participate in domestic cup competitions and international tournaments, adding more matches to the calendar. International breaks are also included, giving players a chance to represent their countries and adding a pause to the club season. These breaks can impact team performance and schedules, making fixture lists essential for planning and strategy. In essence, the fixture list is the season’s roadmap, guiding teams and fans through the ups and downs of a year of soccer action",
            "lang": "AMERICAN"
        },
        {
            "text": "In football, fixture lists are the season’s blueprint, mapping out the schedule of matches and providing a roadmap for the year ahead. The season usually consists of league fixtures, where teams face off against each other home and away, aiming to gather points and secure a high position in the league. Beyond league games, there are domestic cup competitions and international tournaments, which add extra layers of excitement and fixtures to the calendar. International breaks are also factored in, offering players a chance to represent their national teams and creating pauses in the club season. These breaks can influence team form and scheduling, making the fixture list a crucial tool for both teams and supporters. Essentially, the fixture list charts the course of the football season, guiding everyone through a year full of highs, lows, and unforgettable moments.",
            "lang": "BRITISH"
        }
    ],
    "infoCategory": "GAME_STRUCTURE"
}